LICENSE AGREEMENT FOR ATELIER WEB REMOTE COMMANDER ACCESS CONTROL
(AWRCAC)  

You should carefully read the following terms and conditions before
using this software.

Governing Law  
This agreement shall be governed by the laws of the Republic of
Portugal.  
 
Disclaimer of Warranty  
THIS SOFTWARE AND THE ACCOMPANYING FILES ARE SOLD 'AS IS' AND
WITHOUT WARRANTIES AS TO PERFORMANCE OR MERCHANTABILITY OR ANY OTHER
WARRANTIES WHETHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED. Because of the various
hardware and software environments into which AWRCAC may be put, NO
WARRANTY OF FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE IS OFFERED.  
 
Good data processing procedure dictates that any program be
thoroughly tested with non-critical data before relying on it. The
user must assume the entire risk of using the program. ANY LIABILITY
OF THE SELLER WILL BE LIMITED EXCLUSIVELY TO PRODUCT REPLACEMENT OR
REFUND OF PURCHASE PRICE.  
 
Distribution of Evaluation Version  
AWRCAC evaluation version is distributed only within the Atelier Web
Remote Commander (AWRC) evaluation version distribution.  
 
You are specifically prohibited from charging, or requesting
donations, for any such copies, however made; and from distributing
the software and/or documentation with other products (commercial or
otherwise) without prior written permission.  
 
Purchased Version  
One AWRCAC license allows the program to be used only on one
appointed computer. After 365 days, the licensee may appoint a
different computer and request another license to be issued free of
charge.
